Senior brother, put the knife down first.
You answer me first.
Brother, Sister Tiantian still needs to know.
You sing don't believe this girl's lies.
It makes Sister Tiantian feel heartbroken again.
A beautiful story about brother.
Although her physical and mental health is not the fruit of the Gu family.
But if you don’t want to have sex with her,
I can always wait for you.
My child, you see how sensible Tiantian is.
Don't meet anyone just for this.
Gu Fu Tiantian is such a good girl.
Don't worry, I think it's impossible for Tiantian.
It's okay to suffer any more.
There's no one here
It's your set of bitter chickens
Each god's bullet is strong
It’s ten items for you
Married to my brother
Then put the Du Ji Didi
Also from his surface
Will the Gu family prove their faith to me later?
The Queen Mother does not believe in the karma certificate
I have to beat you up
Did you just give me the Gu family’s face?
His business
It’s not my mother’s fault that I don’t care about what I do.
I know my director
You these three months
These two save interest
If you go there, the party is open, right?
The Gu family has chickens in the back
You will also help me protect you
I'm thinking of him at this point, right?
I've heard it all, okay?
Don't do it again?